I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Potato City
Peppa and her family are going to Potato City.
What is Potato City, Mummy?
It is a theme park, Peppa.
Where the magic of vegetables never ends.
It sounds a bit boring.
It will be fun. Potato City, here we come.
Here we are.
The family have arrived at a field of potatoes.
Is this Potato City?
It must be.
And it looks like we pick the right day to visit.
There are no crowds.
Are you sure this is the right place,
Daddy Pig?
It just looks like a farmer's field to me.
Excuse me, is this Potato City?
No, that's Potato City.
It isn't quite what I was expecting.
It is fantastic!
How many tickets?
Two adults and two children please,
Miss Rabbit.
Busy, isn't it?
Busy? No. This is quiet for Potato City.
Have a lovely day!
Peppa's friends have come to Potato City, too.
Hello everyone.
Hello Peppa.
And this is Mr. Potato himself.
Welcome to Potato City,
where the magic of vegetables never ends!
Woo!
See how vegetables grow!
Learn how they keep us fit and healthy
and get shot into space by the potato rocket!
Wee!
Peppa and her friends are going to
ride on the potato rocket.
George wants to ride on the potato rocket too.
Are you sure George? It looks a bit high.
Daddy Pig doesn't like heights.
Moo, hurry up Daddy Pig!
Oh! I'm not getting on.
George is too small to go on his own.
Oh, okay. Make it quick.
Oh, it's very quick.
George has changed his mind.
Oh dear George, come to Mummy.
Maybe I'll just get off too.
Chocks away.
Have fun Daddy Pig!
Aaaaaaaah! Oh, it's stopped.
Well, I'm glad that's all over.
Wee!
Aaaaaaah!
This is brilliant!
Wee!
Everybody off!
That was fun, wasn't it, Daddy?
Oh―yes! Lots of fun.
Mummy, what's that?
Go round and put your head through that hole.
Now what happens?
Susie, you are a tomato!
Look! I'm a carrot!
Oh yes!
And I'm a pumpkin!
Welcome to the Dinosaur Garden!
Woo!
Say hello to my dinosaur friends!
And don't be frightened.
They are not real,
but this is exactly how they would
have looked walking the earth together.
No, it's not.
What?
Triceratops lived in the Cretaceous period.
Stegosaurus was Jurassic.
They would not have walked together.
How do you know that?
I'm a clever-clogs.
Anyway, who wants to ride one?
Me! Me!
Why have you got dinosaurs in Potato City?
Eh, because dinosaurs ate potatoes?
No.
Anyway, children like dinosaurs.
Dinosaur! Dinosaur!
Roll up, roll up!
For the vegetable round about swing thing.
A vegetable roundabout swing thing!
I like Potato City because it teaches you
about vegetables and swings you round and round.
Potato City, where the magic of vegetables never ends!
Up down up down, altogether now.
Mr. Potato was rolling around.
Your friends are mine,
he's happy all the time.
Mr. Potato is coming to town.